## My story has a basic Programmer

I don't even know how i passed that exam, in my second semester i had fallen in love with a Orissa girl. We both enjoyed for five months, enjoyment means just chatting and having small meetups only...ok., After five months we broke up with some reasons. I can’t say what the reasons are, but it was really not my mistake.

I went into deep depression not came out from house for weeks, i started watching movies and other stuff on YouTube, after few days i seen her post on fb with a guy, i got very jealous, I want to know who the guy was, because till that minute I am thinking that she will come to me again. I understand what to do, then i got a idea. I know her Facebook password, I tried to login and search her friend list about this guy. But she changed the password, and I tried to hack her fb I followed almost every video on YouTube which contains __hack Facebook__ in title. But nothing works, after two days some mutual friends of her and mine told that he was our senior. I am shocked.
After some street fights and principal punishments, I gone in to total depression. I tried to get out of it, but nothing works. While surfing on internet I seen some articles about website designing. I just clicked on the link, it was about creative website ideas and designing, I learned WordPress and html basics and started practicing. Slowly it became my passion, but what to do I already taken civil engineering. I must complete this, then I joined in a freelancing website. There I got know about android applications and android development, I used YouTube has my teacher and learned many things from there. I started developing some small apps like calculator, flashlight app, etc.I had faced hundreds of errors every day and i am not suscussful to all of solve them, but i solved almost all of them.
Once I seen the add on newspaper about Udacity google scholarship program, I applied it.
I don’t say it made a lot of changes in my life, it just made me to change my timetable, But I will make lot  of changes to my life one day.
Thank you guys.
